README.md, before:

# 🎲 Polymarket Trading Bot

[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-1.75+-orange.svg)](https://www.rust-lang.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-324%20passing-green.svg)]()

A high-performance, institutional-grade automated trading system for [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com) prediction markets. Built in Rust for speed, safety, and reliability.

## ✨ Features

### 🤖 Intelligent Trading
- **LLM-Powered Analysis** - DeepSeek, Claude, GPT, or local Ollama for market probability estimation
- **Kelly Criterion Sizing** - Mathematically optimal position sizing based on edge and confidence
- **Signal Generation** - Automatic edge detection when model predictions diverge from market prices
- **Multi-Source Signals** - Aggregate insights from Telegram, Twitter/X, and on-chain data

### 📈 Advanced Strategies
- **Compound Growth** - Dynamic Kelly with sqrt scaling (4x balance → 2x sizing)
- **Copy Trading** - Follow top traders with configurable ratio and delay
- **Trend Detection** - Real-time momentum and reversal signals
- **Take Profit/Stop Loss** - Automated exit strategies

### 🛡️ Enterprise Risk Management
- **Position Limits** - Max 5-10% per position, 50% total exposure
- **Daily Loss Limits** - Auto-stop at configurable drawdown
- **Drawdown Protection** - Auto-reduce sizing at -10% and -20%
- **Smart Execution** - Depth analysis, limit orders, retry logic

### 📊 Monitoring & Alerts
- **Telegram Notifications** - Real-time signals, trades, and daily reports
- **Performance Tracking** - Win rate, PnL, Sharpe ratio
- **Dry Run Mode** - Paper trading for strategy validation

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                         POLYMARKET TRADING BOT                               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                                              │
│  ┌──────────────┐   ┌──────────────┐   ┌──────────────┐                     │
│  │   INGESTER   │   │  COPY TRADE  │   │   SCANNER    │                     │
│  │  TG/X/Chain  │   │  Top Traders │   │   Markets    │                     │
│  └──────┬───────┘   └──────┬───────┘   └──────┬───────┘                     │
│         │                  │                  │                              │
│         ▼                  ▼                  ▼                              │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │              LLM PROCESSOR (DeepSeek/Claude)         │                    │
│  │         Signal Extraction / Probability Modeling     │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │                 STRATEGY ENGINE                       │                    │
│  │   ┌─────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌────────────────┐     │                    │
│  │   │ Signal  │  │ Compound │  │ Risk Manager   │     │                    │
│  │   │  Gen    │→ │  Growth  │→ │ Kelly + Limits │     │                    │
│  │   └─────────┘  └──────────┘  └────────────────┘     │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │              SMART EXECUTOR                           │                    │
│  │    Depth Analysis → Limit Orders → Retry Logic       │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌───────────────┐   ┌─────────────┐   ┌───────────────┐                    │
│  │   POLYMARKET  │   │   STORAGE   │   │   NOTIFIER    │                    │
│  │   CLOB API    │   │   SQLite    │   │   Telegram    │                    │
│  └───────────────┘   └─────────────┘   └───────────────┘                    │
│                                                                              │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.75+ (`curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`)
- Polymarket wallet with USDC on Polygon
- LLM API key (DeepSeek recommended for cost-effectiveness)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/voicegn/polymarket-bot.git
cd polymarket-bot

# Build release binary
cargo build --release

# Copy and configure
cp config.example.toml config.toml
cp .env.example .env

# Edit configuration (see Configuration section)
nano config.toml
nano .env
```

### Running

```bash
# Start the bot (dry run mode first!)
./target/release/polymarket-bot run --dry-run

# When ready for live trading
./target/release/polymarket-bot run

# Or use the start script
./start.sh
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Variables (`.env`)

```bash
# Required: LLM API Key
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=sk-xxx

# Required: Polymarket wallet
POLYMARKET_PRIVATE_KEY=your_wallet_private_key_without_0x

# Required: Telegram notifications
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456:ABC-xxx
TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID=your_chat_id
```

### Main Configuration (`config.toml`)

```toml
# LLM Configuration
[llm]
provider = "deepseek"          # deepseek | anthropic | openai | ollama
model = "deepseek-chat"

# Strategy Settings
[strategy]
min_edge = 0.06                # 6% minimum edge to trade
min_confidence = 0.60          # 60% model confidence threshold
kelly_fraction = 0.35          # 35% Kelly (conservative)
compound_enabled = true        # Enable compound growth
scan_interval_secs = 180       # Scan markets every 3 minutes

# Risk Management
[risk]
max_position_pct = 0.05        # 5% max per position
max_exposure_pct = 0.50        # 50% max total exposure
max_daily_loss_pct = 0.10      # 10% daily loss limit
min_balance_reserve = 100      # Keep $100 reserve
max_open_positions = 10        # Max concurrent positions

# Copy Trading (optional)
[copy_trade]
enabled = true
follow_users = ["CRYINGLITTLEBABY", "leocm"]
copy_ratio = 0.5               # 50% of their size
delay_secs = 30                # Delay to avoid detection
```

📖 See [docs/MANUAL.md](docs/MANUAL.md) for complete configuration reference.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
polymarket-bot/
├── src/
│   ├── main.rs              # CLI entry point & main loop
│   ├── lib.rs               # Library exports
│   ├── config.rs            # Configuration management
│   ├── types.rs             # Core types (Market, Signal, Trade)
│   ├── error.rs             # Error handling
│   │
│   ├── client/              # Polymarket API clients
│   │   ├── clob.rs          # Order book & trading
│   │   ├── gamma.rs         # Market data
│   │   ├── websocket.rs     # Real-time streaming
│   │   └── auth.rs          # Signing & authentication
│   │
│   ├── model/               # Probability models
│   │   ├── llm.rs           # LLM providers (DeepSeek, Claude, etc.)
│   │   └── sentiment.rs     # Sentiment analysis
│   │
│   ├── strategy/            # Trading strategies
│   │   ├── mod.rs           # SignalGenerator (Kelly criterion)
│   │   ├── compound.rs      # Compound growth strategy
│   │   ├── copy_trade.rs    # Copy trading
│   │   ├── crypto_hf.rs     # Crypto high-frequency
│   │   ├── trend_detector.rs
│   │   └── take_profit.rs
│   │
│   ├── executor/            # Trade execution
│   │   ├── mod.rs           # Base executor with risk checks
│   │   ├── smart_executor.rs # Advanced execution (depth, retry)
│   │   └── gradual_exit.rs  # Gradual position unwinding
│   │
│   ├── ingester/            # Signal collection
│   │   ├── telegram.rs      # Telegram channel monitoring
│   │   ├── twitter.rs       # Twitter/X monitoring
│   │   ├── binance.rs       # Crypto price feeds
│   │   └── processor.rs     # LLM signal extraction
│   │
│   ├── analysis/            # Pattern recognition
│   │   └── pattern.rs       # Trading pattern detection
│   │
│   ├── notify/              # Notifications
│   │   └── mod.rs           # Telegram notifier
│   │
│   ├── storage/             # Persistence
│   │   └── mod.rs           # SQLite database
│   │
│   └── monitor/             # Performance tracking
│       └── mod.rs           # Trade monitoring & stats
│
├── docs/
│   ├── MANUAL.md            # Operations manual
│   ├── API.md               # API reference
│   └── STRATEGY_ANALYSIS.md # Strategy deep dive
│
├── config.example.toml      # Configuration template
├── .env.example             # Environment template
└── Cargo.toml               # Dependencies
```

## 🖥️ CLI Commands

```bash
# Run the trading bot
polymarket-bot run [--dry-run] [--config <path>]

# List active markets
polymarket-bot markets [--limit <n>] [--min-volume <usd>]

# Analyze a specific market
polymarket-bot analyze <market_id>

# Check bot status and positions
polymarket-bot status

# View recent trades
polymarket-bot trades [--limit <n>]

# Get help
polymarket-bot --help
```

## 📊 Trading Strategies

### 1. Edge-Based Trading (Default)
- LLM estimates "true" probability
- Compares to market price
- Trades when edge > 6% with confidence > 60%
- Position sized by Kelly criterion

### 2. Compound Growth
- Dynamic Kelly multiplier (0.5x - 2.0x)
- Increases on win streaks, decreases on losses
- Sqrt scaling: 4x balance → 2x position size
- Drawdown protection at -10% and -20%

### 3. Copy Trading
- Follow successful traders by address
- Configurable copy ratio (10% - 100%)
- Delay execution to avoid front-running detection

### 4. Signal Aggregation
- Monitor Telegram alpha channels
- Follow Twitter/X KOLs
- Aggregate and weight signals by source trust

## ⚠️ Risk Warning

**This bot trades real money. Use at your own risk.**

- 💸 Start with small amounts you can afford to lose
- 🧪 Always test in dry-run mode first
- 👀 Monitor closely, especially initially
- 📉 Prediction markets can be highly volatile
- 🔒 Never share your private key

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
cargo test

# Run with output
cargo test -- --nocapture

# Run specific module tests
cargo test strategy::
cargo test executor::

# Run integration tests
cargo test --test integration
```

**Current test coverage: 544 tests passing**

## 📈 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| Build Time | ~45s (release) |
| Memory Usage | ~50MB idle |
| API Latency | <100ms avg |
| Scan Cycle | 3 min default |

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Write tests for new functionality
4. Ensure all tests pass
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## 📚 Documentation

- [Operations Manual](docs/OPERATIONS.md) - Deployment, monitoring, and troubleshooting
- [Configuration Guide](docs/MANUAL.md) - Complete configuration reference
- [Trading Strategies](docs/STRATEGY.md) - Strategy implementation guide
- [API Reference](docs/API.md) - Public modules and functions

---

<div align="center">
  <b>Built with 🦀 Rust for maximum performance and safety</b>
  <br>
  <sub>Not financial advice. Trade responsibly.</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

docs: add research disclaimer and donation addresses

README.md, after:

# 🎲 Polymarket Trading Bot

> ⚠️ **DISCLAIMER: FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY**
> 
> This project is strictly for educational and research purposes. Users are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in their jurisdiction. The authors assume no liability for any legal, financial, or other consequences arising from the use of this software.
> 
> **如果您觉得本研究项目有价值，欢迎赞助支持：**
> 
> | Network | Address |
> |---------|---------|
> | EVM (ETH/Polygon/BSC) | `0x5b8A5c95e3C74b6673cAda74649264242EbEe077` |
> | Solana | `3gxSjqv154cDysYuoMxUcMMZ1wnGFDtLnT21w3xueiuf` |
> | TRON | `TQL1dgCxMUYiqnhYL5VSzKZCdsXTdzeJ7S` |
> | Bitcoin | `bc1qrngacl69znhujy6m83cpzsyf5j9lzdd5qdxenv` |

---

[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-1.75+-orange.svg)](https://www.rust-lang.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-324%20passing-green.svg)]()

A high-performance, institutional-grade automated trading system for [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com) prediction markets. Built in Rust for speed, safety, and reliability.

## ✨ Features

### 🤖 Intelligent Trading
- **LLM-Powered Analysis** - DeepSeek, Claude, GPT, or local Ollama for market probability estimation
- **Kelly Criterion Sizing** - Mathematically optimal position sizing based on edge and confidence
- **Signal Generation** - Automatic edge detection when model predictions diverge from market prices
- **Multi-Source Signals** - Aggregate insights from Telegram, Twitter/X, and on-chain data

### 📈 Advanced Strategies
- **Compound Growth** - Dynamic Kelly with sqrt scaling (4x balance → 2x sizing)
- **Copy Trading** - Follow top traders with configurable ratio and delay
- **Trend Detection** - Real-time momentum and reversal signals
- **Take Profit/Stop Loss** - Automated exit strategies

### 🛡️ Enterprise Risk Management
- **Position Limits** - Max 5-10% per position, 50% total exposure
- **Daily Loss Limits** - Auto-stop at configurable drawdown
- **Drawdown Protection** - Auto-reduce sizing at -10% and -20%
- **Smart Execution** - Depth analysis, limit orders, retry logic

### 📊 Monitoring & Alerts
- **Telegram Notifications** - Real-time signals, trades, and daily reports
- **Performance Tracking** - Win rate, PnL, Sharpe ratio
- **Dry Run Mode** - Paper trading for strategy validation

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                         POLYMARKET TRADING BOT                               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                                              │
│  ┌──────────────┐   ┌──────────────┐   ┌──────────────┐                     │
│  │   INGESTER   │   │  COPY TRADE  │   │   SCANNER    │                     │
│  │  TG/X/Chain  │   │  Top Traders │   │   Markets    │                     │
│  └──────┬───────┘   └──────┬───────┘   └──────┬───────┘                     │
│         │                  │                  │                              │
│         ▼                  ▼                  ▼                              │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │              LLM PROCESSOR (DeepSeek/Claude)         │                    │
│  │         Signal Extraction / Probability Modeling     │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │                 STRATEGY ENGINE                       │                    │
│  │   ┌─────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌────────────────┐     │                    │
│  │   │ Signal  │  │ Compound │  │ Risk Manager   │     │                    │
│  │   │  Gen    │→ │  Growth  │→ │ Kelly + Limits │     │                    │
│  │   └─────────┘  └──────────┘  └────────────────┘     │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                    │
│  │              SMART EXECUTOR                           │                    │
│  │    Depth Analysis → Limit Orders → Retry Logic       │                    │
│  └──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────┘                    │
│                             │                                                │
│                             ▼                                                │
│  ┌───────────────┐   ┌─────────────┐   ┌───────────────┐                    │
│  │   POLYMARKET  │   │   STORAGE   │   │   NOTIFIER    │                    │
│  │   CLOB API    │   │   SQLite    │   │   Telegram    │                    │
│  └───────────────┘   └─────────────┘   └───────────────┘                    │
│                                                                              │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.75+ (`curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`)
- Polymarket wallet with USDC on Polygon
- LLM API key (DeepSeek recommended for cost-effectiveness)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/voicegn/polymarket-bot.git
cd polymarket-bot

# Build release binary
cargo build --release

# Copy and configure
cp config.example.toml config.toml
cp .env.example .env

# Edit configuration (see Configuration section)
nano config.toml
nano .env
```

### Running

```bash
# Start the bot (dry run mode first!)
./target/release/polymarket-bot run --dry-run

# When ready for live trading
./target/release/polymarket-bot run

# Or use the start script
./start.sh
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Variables (`.env`)

```bash
# Required: LLM API Key
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=sk-xxx

# Required: Polymarket wallet
POLYMARKET_PRIVATE_KEY=your_wallet_private_key_without_0x

# Required: Telegram notifications
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456:ABC-xxx
TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID=your_chat_id
```

### Main Configuration (`config.toml`)

```toml
# LLM Configuration
[llm]
provider = "deepseek"          # deepseek | anthropic | openai | ollama
model = "deepseek-chat"

# Strategy Settings
[strategy]
min_edge = 0.06                # 6% minimum edge to trade
min_confidence = 0.60          # 60% model confidence threshold
kelly_fraction = 0.35          # 35% Kelly (conservative)
compound_enabled = true        # Enable compound growth
scan_interval_secs = 180       # Scan markets every 3 minutes

# Risk Management
[risk]
max_position_pct = 0.05        # 5% max per position
max_exposure_pct = 0.50        # 50% max total exposure
max_daily_loss_pct = 0.10      # 10% daily loss limit
min_balance_reserve = 100      # Keep $100 reserve
max_open_positions = 10        # Max concurrent positions

# Copy Trading (optional)
[copy_trade]
enabled = true
follow_users = ["CRYINGLITTLEBABY", "leocm"]
copy_ratio = 0.5               # 50% of their size
delay_secs = 30                # Delay to avoid detection
```

📖 See [docs/MANUAL.md](docs/MANUAL.md) for complete configuration reference.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
polymarket-bot/
├── src/
│   ├── main.rs              # CLI entry point & main loop
│   ├── lib.rs               # Library exports
│   ├── config.rs            # Configuration management
│   ├── types.rs             # Core types (Market, Signal, Trade)
│   ├── error.rs             # Error handling
│   │
│   ├── client/              # Polymarket API clients
│   │   ├── clob.rs          # Order book & trading
│   │   ├── gamma.rs         # Market data
│   │   ├── websocket.rs     # Real-time streaming
│   │   └── auth.rs          # Signing & authentication
│   │
│   ├── model/               # Probability models
│   │   ├── llm.rs           # LLM providers (DeepSeek, Claude, etc.)
│   │   └── sentiment.rs     # Sentiment analysis
│   │
│   ├── strategy/            # Trading strategies
│   │   ├── mod.rs           # SignalGenerator (Kelly criterion)
│   │   ├── compound.rs      # Compound growth strategy
│   │   ├── copy_trade.rs    # Copy trading
│   │   ├── crypto_hf.rs     # Crypto high-frequency
│   │   ├── trend_detector.rs
│   │   └── take_profit.rs
│   │
│   ├── executor/            # Trade execution
│   │   ├── mod.rs           # Base executor with risk checks
│   │   ├── smart_executor.rs # Advanced execution (depth, retry)
│   │   └── gradual_exit.rs  # Gradual position unwinding
│   │
│   ├── ingester/            # Signal collection
│   │   ├── telegram.rs      # Telegram channel monitoring
│   │   ├── twitter.rs       # Twitter/X monitoring
│   │   ├── binance.rs       # Crypto price feeds
│   │   └── processor.rs     # LLM signal extraction
│   │
│   ├── analysis/            # Pattern recognition
│   │   └── pattern.rs       # Trading pattern detection
│   │
│   ├── notify/              # Notifications
│   │   └── mod.rs           # Telegram notifier
│   │
│   ├── storage/             # Persistence
│   │   └── mod.rs           # SQLite database
│   │
│   └── monitor/             # Performance tracking
│       └── mod.rs           # Trade monitoring & stats
│
├── docs/
│   ├── MANUAL.md            # Operations manual
│   ├── API.md               # API reference
│   └── STRATEGY_ANALYSIS.md # Strategy deep dive
│
├── config.example.toml      # Configuration template
├── .env.example             # Environment template
└── Cargo.toml               # Dependencies
```

## 🖥️ CLI Commands

```bash
# Run the trading bot
polymarket-bot run [--dry-run] [--config <path>]

# List active markets
polymarket-bot markets [--limit <n>] [--min-volume <usd>]

# Analyze a specific market
polymarket-bot analyze <market_id>

# Check bot status and positions
polymarket-bot status

# View recent trades
polymarket-bot trades [--limit <n>]

# Get help
polymarket-bot --help
```

## 📊 Trading Strategies

### 1. Edge-Based Trading (Default)
- LLM estimates "true" probability
- Compares to market price
- Trades when edge > 6% with confidence > 60%
- Position sized by Kelly criterion

### 2. Compound Growth
- Dynamic Kelly multiplier (0.5x - 2.0x)
- Increases on win streaks, decreases on losses
- Sqrt scaling: 4x balance → 2x position size
- Drawdown protection at -10% and -20%

### 3. Copy Trading
- Follow successful traders by address
- Configurable copy ratio (10% - 100%)
- Delay execution to avoid front-running detection

### 4. Signal Aggregation
- Monitor Telegram alpha channels
- Follow Twitter/X KOLs
- Aggregate and weight signals by source trust

## ⚠️ Risk Warning

**This bot trades real money. Use at your own risk.**

- 💸 Start with small amounts you can afford to lose
- 🧪 Always test in dry-run mode first
- 👀 Monitor closely, especially initially
- 📉 Prediction markets can be highly volatile
- 🔒 Never share your private key

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
cargo test

# Run with output
cargo test -- --nocapture

# Run specific module tests
cargo test strategy::
cargo test executor::

# Run integration tests
cargo test --test integration
```

**Current test coverage: 544 tests passing**

## 📈 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| Build Time | ~45s (release) |
| Memory Usage | ~50MB idle |
| API Latency | <100ms avg |
| Scan Cycle | 3 min default |

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Write tests for new functionality
4. Ensure all tests pass
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## 📚 Documentation

- [Operations Manual](docs/OPERATIONS.md) - Deployment, monitoring, and troubleshooting
- [Configuration Guide](docs/MANUAL.md) - Complete configuration reference
- [Trading Strategies](docs/STRATEGY.md) - Strategy implementation guide
- [API Reference](docs/API.md) - Public modules and functions

---

<div align="center">
  <b>Built with 🦀 Rust for maximum performance and safety</b>
  <br>
  <sub>Not financial advice. Trade responsibly.</sub>
</div>
